The random generators used to build character names run on an expanded version of the guidelines outlined on each species' compendium entry.
Adding to the generator souce txt files will expand the range of available options, but should be done with a focus on how each name works.
The lists should always contain a single name or name part per line, in lower case.
Below is a brief description of each list by species.


DRIFTLING:

DriftlingNames.txt
Comprised of single list that contains words that could have been an inspiration for the Driftling as they chose their identity.
Words with emotional, space, location, or job related meanings can also help to quickly inform a backstory for the character.
The generator will choose one entry from this list.


GLEAN:

GleanFirst.txt
Glean given names are traditionally soft and round in sound, containing many vowels, "L" sounds, and "W" sounds.
The generator will choose one name from this list.

Glean Reliquary.txt
Glean reliquaries are outlined in the Burn Bryte compendium, but this list could be expanded for House Ruled reliquaries.
The generator will choose one reliquary from this list.


Ino:

InoGiven.txt
This list is made of individual names for Ino. Feline inspired, these names are meant to invoke the kind of easy and languid disposition of cats.
Due to the complex naming conventions of Ino, this list is used to make up a large part of any Ino name, so add to it carefully. Outlier names will stand out in name generation.
The generator will choose three given names to make a full formal Ino name, but only one will be part of the character's informal name.

InoHouse.txt
Ino Houses are outlined in the Burn Bryte compendium, but this list can be modified to include House Ruled Ino Houses.
The generator will choose one House from the list.

InoPack.txt
This list is made in a shorter surname style in the Ino conventions.
The generator will choose two items from the list for a full formal name.

InoStar.txt
This list contains the various stars in the Olaxis galaxy, with items listed multiple times to weigh the results more heavily toward Ino Space systems.
This can be expanded with House Ruled stars and locations, with areas included multiple times to influence the likelyhood that an Ino would come from that location.
The generator will choose one item from this list.


Kith'uk:

KithukNames.txt
This list contains short, easily combined names with strong and sharp sounds. "C", "K", and "G" sounds all appear prominantly in the list to give the Kith'uk names a punchy and gutteral shape.
The generator will choose three items from the list, combining two to make the surname.


Peacecraft:

PeacecraftAdj.txt
This list is a series of adjectives, often with military or combat focus, that is assigned like a Peacecraft first name.
The generator will choose one item from this list.

PeacecraftNoun.txt
This is a list of designations or roles, simulating a military mission or strategic intent, that make up a Peacecraft surname.
The generator will choose one item from this list.


Ror-nan:

RornanNames.txt
This list is short, often one syllable names that get combined to make up a Ror-nan colony name.
The names have a buzzy quality to them, with "S", "X", and "Z" sounds appering frequently.
The generator will choose two items from this list and fuse them as a single word or, rarely, compounded with a hyphen or apostrophe.


Ulran:

UlranStart.txt
This list is made of short name prefixes. Quick and punchy, these name-parts are often as simple as a vowel and terminating consonent that make up the start of both given and surnames.
The generator will choose two items from this list.

UlranEnd.txt
This list is made of short name sufixes. Rounding out at the end, these help to transition from the harsh start of an Ulran name to the more smooth shape of the surname.
The generator will choose one item from this list.

UlranLast.txt
This list is made up of vowel heavy syllables that are chained together to make up the long, flowing surname styles prefered by Ulran.
The generator will choose three items from this list.


Zivoy:

ZivoyFirst.txt
This list makes up the Zivoy given names. Since Zivoy choose their own names, the theme of this species is very flexible.
The generator will choose one item from this list.

ZivoyLast.txt
This list makes up the Zivoy surnames. Since Zivoy choose their own names, the theme of this species is very flexible.
The generator will choose one item from this list.